Unreal Engine Template for automatic versioning
================================================

The version will increment for every time the C++ solution is rebuilt. Changes in the Unreal Engine Editor will not affect the version number. It also takes Git commits and branches into account if Git is being used as version control for the project.

To use this in your project please copy the Source folder into your project and rename anything named with `your_project_name_here` with your actual project name. This should be obvious based on the existing C++ files that UE4 generates at the project setup. Be aware this will only work if you chose to use a C++ UE4 project. Blueprint-only projects will not have a source code folder.

The UserWidget class is an example on how to get the autogenerated version number into your project. Create a UI widget and define this class as it's base class. Then it should be easy just use the defined string in your widget to display the version.

This was tested on Unreal Engine versions 4.23 and 4.25.

Licensing
---------

This code is permissively licensed. It is derived from below forum posts. I asked both authors for and received permission to distribute the code as licensed in this project. Please visit their respective posts for more details and inspiration and leave a like or comment.
I want to thank both authors for their permission and their great work!

 * Git code inspired by a blog post from Jeff Yates (2015) https://blog.somewhatabstract.com/2015/06/22/getting-information-about-your-git-repository-with-c/
 * Versioning code inspired by a blog post from Satheesh P.V. (2015) https://unrealxeditor.wordpress.com/2015/07/31/tip-generating-build-numbers-for-your-game/

Contributions
-------------

Please refer to the separate `CONTRIBUTING.md` file in the same folder.
 